Release notes for Istio 1.14.5 (#12052)
istio/istio.io: content/en/news/releases/1.14.x/announcing-1.14.5/index.md

---
title: Announcing Istio 1.14.5
linktitle: 1.14.5
subtitle: Patch Release
description: Istio 1.14.5 patch release.
publishdate: 2022-10-07
release: 1.14.5
---

> This release includes security fixes in go 1.18.7 (released 2022-10-04) for the `archive/tar`, `net/http/httputil`, and `regexp` packages.

Reviewer: Go

Author: Done.

This release also includes fixes to improve robustness.
This release note describes what’s different between Istio 1.14.4 and Istio 1.14.5.

{{< relnote >}}

## Changes

- **Fixed** `kube-inject` crashes when the pod annotation `proxy.istio.io/config` is set.

> - **Fixed** an issue where user can not delete `iop` resource with revision if istiod is not running.  ([Issue #40796](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/40796))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** an issue where user can not delete the Istio Operator resource with revision if istiod is not running.  ([Issue #40796](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/40796))
```

Author: Done.

> - **Fixed** an issue that default `idleTimeout` for passthrough cluster has been changed to `0s` since 1.14.0 and timeout is disabled. Previous behavior is using Envoy's default value.

Reviewer: Comment added ini other RN: I'm not really sure what this fix is about. We mention pre 1.14.0 we used Envoy's default value. In 1.14.0 the default is 0 and the timeout is disabled. Now we fixed it, but what did we fix it to?

Also changes in wording.

Author: @fatedier Can you take a look at the comment above?

Reviewer: The 1.15.2 RN PR has a wording change and this was my latest suggestion there:

```suggestion
- **Fixed** an issue that the default `idleTimeout` for the passthrough cluster was changed to `0s` in 1.14.0, disabling the timeout. Restored the previous behavior to using Envoy's default value of 1 hour. ([Issue #41114](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/41114))
```

Author: Thanks, Eric. Your suggestion is merged.

---
title: Announcing Istio 1.14.5
linktitle: 1.14.5
subtitle: Patch Release
description: Istio 1.14.5 patch release.

> publishdate: 2022-10-07

Reviewer: Will need to update this to the correct date (10-11)?

Author: Done, thanks!

release: 1.14.5
---

This release includes security fixes in Go 1.18.7 (released 2022-10-04) for the `archive/tar`, `net/http/httputil`, and `regexp` packages.
This release also includes fixes to improve robustness.
This release note describes what is different between Istio 1.14.4 and Istio 1.14.5.

{{< relnote >}}

## Changes

- **Fixed** some `ServiceEntry` host names can cause non-deterministic Envoy routes.
  ([Issue #38678](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/38678))

- **Fixed** `kube-inject` crashes when the pod annotation `proxy.istio.io/config` is set.

> - **Fixed** an issue where user can not delete the Istio Operator resource with revision if istiod is not running.  ([Issue #40796](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/40796))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** an issue where the user can not delete the Istio Operator resource with revision if istiod is not running.  ([Issue #40796](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/40796))
```

---
title: Announcing Istio 1.14.5
linktitle: 1.14.5
subtitle: Patch Release
description: Istio 1.14.5 patch release.
publishdate: 2022-10-07
release: 1.14.5
---

This release includes security fixes in go 1.18.7 (released 2022-10-04) for the `archive/tar`, `net/http/httputil`, and `regexp` packages.
This release also includes fixes to improve robustness.

> This release note describes what’s different between Istio 1.14.4 and Istio 1.14.5.

Reviewer 2: what is different between
